I am going to introduce an interesting geometry of our universe. There isn’t any hard mathematics. To introduce, let’s begin with an easy case. Assume there is closed spherical shall in vacuum. And you are here, stand on the shall, just like us stand on the earth. So how can we leave the shall? Go upwardly. That’s obvious, right? And we do make it by rocket. But what if you are a two-dimensional creature? The answer won’t be that intuitive. For a two-dimensional creature who can only move on the surface, it’s difficult for him to notice the existence of the third dimension. And how will him describe the world he lives in. First property is boundless, since if he walk in certain direction, he will circle the shall round and round. And the second property is the finite area or, in their word, the finite volume.

Ok, now let’s come back to our universe. Will our universe be closed like the shall? Actually the answer is determined by how matter is in our universe. But it doesn’t matter we assume it is right. If our universe is closed, there are still the two properties: finite volume and boundless. That means if you fire a forward shot, the bullet will hit you in the back of the head after circling the universe. And there is a particular property if the ordinary matter takes the domine. The closed universe will expand at a reduced rate to a critical degree and begin to contract. But the observation shows the opposite. So it’s not the ordinary matter but the dark matter and dark energy take the domain.

Of course, this is still a gauss and there isn’t observation accurate enough to proof the geometry of our universe. But I think it benefits our mind, so I shared it here. That’s all, thanks for listening.