# 1.Polarization
**Dielectric**: All electrons are sticked to the atom or molecules.
Two principle mechanisms to polarize:
$$
\begin{cases}\text{stretching}\\\text{rotation}\end{cases}
$$
## Induced dipoles (for nonpolar molecules)
When we put a neutral atom into a electric field, the center of positive charge and that of negitive will be stretched to a distence and become a dipole. Particularly, if the electric field is strong enough, the atom will be "ionizing".
Typically, the induced dipole moment is approximately proportional to the field.
$$
\vec{p}=\alpha \vec{E}
$$
## Alignment of Polar Molecules
Place a polar molecule with a dipole moment $\vec{p}$ in a electric field. 
If the field is uniform, the forces $\vec{F}_+=q\vec{E},\vec{F}_-=-q\vec{E}$ are equialvent. So there is no net force but a torque.
$$
\begin{align*}\vec{N}&=\vec{r}_+\times\vec{F}_++\vec{r}_-\times\vec{F}_-\\&=q\vec{d}\times\vec{E}\\&=\vec{p}\times\vec{E}\end{align*}
$$
The torque $\vec{N}$ force $\vec{q}$ to line up parallel to $\vec{E}$.
If the field is nonuniform, there will be a net force.
$$
\vec{F}=q(\vec{E}_+-\vec{E}_-)=q\Delta\vec{E}
$$
$$
\Delta{E_x}=\nabla{E_x}\cdot\vec{d}
$$
Thus
$$
\Delta{\vec{E}}=(\vec{d}\cdot\nabla)\vec{E}
$$
Therefore, the net force is
$$
\vec{F}=(\vec{p}\cdot\nabla)\vec{E}
$$
The total torque of a dipole in a electric field
$$
\vec{N}_{\text{total}}=\vec{p}\times\vec{E}+\vec{r}\times(\vec{p}\cdot\nabla)
\vec{E}
$$
## Polarization
To discribe the intensity of polarization, we define
$$
\vec{P}\equiv\text{dipole moment per unit volume}
$$
and is called the **polarziation** (or the dipole moment density)
$$
\vec{P}=\lim_{\Delta V\rightarrow 0}\frac{\sum\vec{p}_i}{\Delta V}
$$
# 2.The Field of a Polarized Object
A polarized object can be regraded as a conbination of a huge amount of dipoles, and the total field is the superposition of the field produce by each dipole.
$$
V_i=\frac{\vec{p}_i\cdot\vec{r}}{4\pi\epsilon_0r^3}\quad(\vec{p}_i=\vec{P}\mathrm{d}\tau)
$$
Therefore the total potential is
$$
V=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int\frac{\vec{P}\cdot(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')}{(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')^3}\mathrm{d}\tau
$$
$$
\nabla'\frac{1}{|\vec{r}-\vec{r}'|}=\frac{\vec{r}-\vec{r}'}{(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')^3}
$$
Thus
$$
V=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int\vec{P}\cdot\nabla'\frac{1}{|\vec{r}-\vec{r}'|}\mathrm{d}\tau
$$
Ultize the formula of differential
$$
\nabla\cdot(k\vec{A})=\vec{A}\cdot\nabla k+k\nabla\cdot\vec{A}
$$
The integral can be transform to
$$
\begin{align*}V&=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int\nabla\cdot(\frac{\vec{P}}{|\vec{r}-\vec{r}'|})\mathrm{d}\tau-\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int\frac{\nabla\cdot\vec{P}}{|\vec{r}-\vec{r}'|}\mathrm{d}\tau\\&=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\oint_S\frac{\vec{P}}{|\vec{r}-\vec{r}'|}\mathrm{d}\tau+\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int\frac{-\nabla\cdot\vec{P}}{|\vec{r}-\vec{r}'|}\mathrm{d}\tau\end{align*}
$$
The first term is the potential produced by surface charge and the second by volume charge.
Therefore
$$
\begin{cases}\sigma_b=\vec{P}\cdot\vec{n}\\\rho_b=-\nabla\cdot\vec{P}\end{cases}
$$
## The Field Inside a Dielectric
Consider a spherical space which is macroscpoic to a single molecule but microscopic to the whole object.
The potential in the space consists of two parts: the part produced by the charges outside the sphere and the part by the inside charges.
$$
V_{\text{total}}=V_{\text{in}}+V_{\text{out}}
$$
The average potential produced by the outside charges is equal to the potential at the center.
$$
V_{\text{out}}=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int_{\text{out}}\frac{\vec{P}\cdot(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')}{(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')^3}\mathrm{d}\tau
$$
For the field produced by the inside charges, when we make $R\rightarrow0$ then $P\rightarrow\text{Const}$.
$$
\vec{E}=-\frac{\vec{P}}{3\epsilon_0}\Rightarrow V_{\text{in}}\rightarrow0
$$
The total potential
$$
V=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}\int_V\frac{\vec{P}\cdot(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')}{(\vec{r}-\vec{r}')^3}\mathrm{d}\tau
$$
# 3.The Electric Displacement
## 3.1 Gauss' Law in the persence of Dielectric
Within the dielectric, the total charge density can be written
$$
\rho_{\text{total}}=\rho_f+\rho_b
$$
And the Gauss' Law
$$
\epsilon_0\nabla\cdot\vec{E}=\rho_f+\rho_b=-\nabla\cdot\vec{P}+\rho_f
$$
Combine the two divergence
$$
\nabla\cdot(\epsilon_0\vec{E}+\vec{P})=\rho_f
$$
Define $\vec{D}\equiv\epsilon_0\vec{E}+\vec{P}$, then the formula becomes
$$
\nabla\cdot\vec{D}=\rho_f
$$
$\vec{D}$ is called the **electric displacement**
We omit the effect of  the surface bound charges. Acturall, it's more rational to consider $\vec{P}$ decreases to 0 smoothly in a finite thickness so that there is no such $\sigma_b$. And the formula holds anyway.

**Attention:** $\vec{D}$ can be regreted as the field produced free charges (there is no Coulomb's Law for $\vec{D}$) though the Gauss' Law holds.
$$
\oint\vec{D}\cdot\mathrm{d}\vec{S}=Q_f
$$
For exmaple: 
$$
\nabla\times\vec{D}=\nabla\times\vec{P}
$$
may not be zero.
To compute $\vec{D}$ , it's better to find the symmetry first, or else we need to calculate $\rho_b$ and $\sigma_b$ ultizing $\vec{P}$.
## 3.2 Boundary Conditions
In terms of $\vec{D}$, the boundary conditions can be recasted to
$$
D_{\text{above}}^{\bot}-D_{\text{below}}^{\bot}=\sigma_f
$$
$$
D_{\text{above}}^{\|}-D_{\text{below}}^{\|}=P_{\text{above}}^{\|}-P_{\text{below}}^{\|}
$$
# 4.Linear Dielectric
## 4.1 Susceptibility Permittivity and Dielectric Constant
In linear dielectric, the polarization is proportional to the field provided $E$ is not so strong.
$$
\vec{P}=\epsilon_0\chi_e\vec{E}
$$
Where $\chi_e$ is called the **electric susceptibility**
$\vec{E}$ is the total field. It's due in part to free charges and in part to boundary charges. So it's hard to determine $\vec{E}$ pointly. Then $\vec{D}$ plays the important role.
$$
\vec{D}=\epsilon_0\vec{E}+\vec{P}=\epsilon_0(1+\chi_e)\vec{E}
$$
So $\vec{D}$ is proportional to $\vec{E}$.
$$
\vec{D}=\epsilon\vec{E}
$$
$\epsilon=\epsilon_0(1+\chi_e)$ is called the **permittivity**. And $\epsilon_r=1+\chi_e$ is called the relative permittivity or dielectric constant.
Although $\vec{D}\propto\vec{E}$, they are still different since $\epsilon$ is discontinuous on the boundary.

If the space filled with a homogeneous linear dielectric
$$
\vec{D}=\epsilon\vec{E}=\epsilon_0\vec{E}_0
$$
$\vec{E}_0$ is the field produced by free charges in the absense of dielectric.

For an anisotropy material, the proportional relationship between $\vec{P}$ and $\vec{E}$ becomes
$$
\vec{P}=\epsilon_0 X_e\vec{E}
$$
where $X_e$ is the susceptibility tensor with 9 components. For most material, $X_e$ can be diagonalized through choosing appropriate axes, but for some unique material, it can be diagonalized completely which means the coupling of polarization in different direction.
## 4.2 Boundary Value with Linear Dielectric
In linear dielectric, $\rho_b\propto\rho_f$
$$
\rho_b=-\nabla\cdot\vec{P}=-\nabla\cdot(\epsilon_0\chi_e\frac{\vec{D}}{\epsilon})=-\frac{\chi_e}{1+\chi_e}\rho_f
$$
Rewrite the boundary condition in terms of $\vec{D}$
$$
\epsilon_{\text{above}}\left.\frac{\partial V}{\partial n}\right|_{\text{above}}-\epsilon_{\text{below}}\left.\frac{\partial V}{\partial n}\right|_{\text{below}}=-\sigma_f
$$
Together with the continuity of the potential
$$
V_{\text{above}}=V_{\text{below}}
$$

**Example**: A spherical dielectric with permittivity $\epsilon$ is placed in a uniform electric field $E_0$, find the potential inside the sphere.
**Solution**:
General solution
$$
V(r)=\sum_{l=1}^{\infty}(A_lr^l+\frac{B_l}{r^{l+1}})P_l(\cos\theta)
$$
The intial potential
$$
V_0=-E_0r\cos\theta
$$
Therefore the potential is
$$
\begin{cases}V_{\text{in}}=Ar\cos\theta\\V_{\text{out}}=\left(\frac{B}{r^2}-E_0r\right)\cos\theta\end{cases}
$$
According to the boundary conditions
$$
\begin{cases}AR=\frac{B}{R^2}-E_0R\\\epsilon A=\epsilon_0\left(\frac{-2B}{R^3}-E_0\right)\end{cases}
$$
Solve out
$$
A=-\frac{3\epsilon_0}{\epsilon+2\epsilon_0}E_0
$$
Therefore the potential inside is
$$
V_{\text{in}}=-\frac{3\epsilon_0}{\epsilon+2\epsilon_0}E_0r\cos\theta
$$
